MFLT-10102 Add Metric charts by population to docs (#490)
memfault/memfault-docs: docs/platform/charts.mdx

---
id: charts
title: Charts
sidebar_label: Charts

> ---

Reviewer: This can't be removed: it's the frontmatter Docusaurus uses to place the page + connect it to the sidebar.

Author: Added it back in now

> import ImageFigure from "../../src/theme/ImageFigure";

Reviewer: I believe `ImageFigure` can be used without importing it.

Author: IDE said import it but yea it can be used without importing. 👍

sidebar_label: Charts
---

> import NormalizedCharts from "@site/src/components/icons/NormalizedCharts";

Reviewer 2: I think this might not be meant for this PR? If we're removing this you would also need to remove the usage of this component at Line 171 but I'd prefer that to be part of a separate PR as it seems unrelated

this data on January 2nd. Only values that pass the
["Ingress Filtering" are included](/docs/platform/metrics#ingress-filtering).

In addition to creating metric charts based on time, it's also possible to

> generate them according to software version or cohort. This flexibility allows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
base them on aggregations by Software Version or Cohort. This flexibility allows
```

for comparison of metrics between specific population groups, making it an
important tool for targeted analysis. It's important to note that this type of

> chart only supports Min/Mean/Max aggregation method. An important use-case for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
chart only supports the Min/Mean/Max aggregation method. An important use-case for
```

this type of chart is to look at a particular metric for a certain population
across all time. This holistic view can provide crucial insights into long-term
trends and patterns.

<ImageFigure
  src="/img/docs/platform/sv-metric-charts.png"
  alt="Creating a metrics chart by population"
  title="Creating a metrics chart by population"
  style={{ maxWidth: "600px" }}

> ></ImageFigure>

Reviewer: I think this can be self-closed

```suggestion
/>
```
